README.md, before:

# Weather News API

##### Author: Andres Penas Palmeiro
##### Final Project for the Module "Mobile Applications Development" of the H.Dip in Computer Science in Software Development - GMIT
##### Version: 1.0 (Jan 2021)

## Summary
Ionic Application to access the Weather and News of a chosen location.

## Special Features
* Compare Weather of two locations.
* Choose from which location the News will be shown (only if Compare Weather is activated)
* Pagination on the News Display

## Technologies
Ionic, TypeScript, HTTPCalls, JSON, HTML, CSS

## Usage
#### Open the Mobile Application
No weather will be shown as there are no selected cities. The News button will be disabled for the same reason.

<img src="https://imgur.com/NztznzO.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Go to Settings

<img src="https://imgur.com/jvrOt7t.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Enter the Location and select the Units for the Temperature

<img src="https://imgur.com/vHWBMOo.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Compare Weather (Optional)
Activating the Toggle will show a second Input Box to enter a Second Location and choose from which Location the News will be shown.

<img src="https://imgur.com/MPJH0CH.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Save the Settings

<img src="https://imgur.com/WGPIdDV.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### See the Weather 
The Weather of the location(s) will be shown. The button to check the news will be active.

<img src="https://imgur.com/p49y7ga.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Check the News
The news for the Location (chosen) will be shown

<img src="https://imgur.com/zX1eToT.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Pagination

<img src="https://imgur.com/jgfIXK3.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

## Contact Information
G00376379@gmit.ie

Commit message:

Adding License and Updating Summary on README.md

README.md, after:

# Weather News API

##### Author: Andres Penas Palmeiro
##### Final Project for the Module "Mobile Applications Development" of the H.Dip in Computer Science in Software Development - GMIT
##### Version: 1.0 (Jan 2021)

## Summary
Ionic Application to access the Weather and News of a chosen location. Client interface that consumes the following APIs:
* https://openweathermap.org
* https://newsapi.org

## Special Features
* Compare Weather of two locations.
* Choose from which location the News will be shown (only if Compare Weather is activated)
* Pagination on the News Display

## Technologies
Ionic, TypeScript, HTTP Calls, JSON Manipulation, HTML, CSS

## Usage
#### Open the Mobile Application
No weather will be shown as there are no selected cities. The News button will be disabled for the same reason.

<img src="https://imgur.com/NztznzO.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Go to Settings

<img src="https://imgur.com/jvrOt7t.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Enter the Location and select the Units for the Temperature

<img src="https://imgur.com/vHWBMOo.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Compare Weather (Optional)
Activating the Toggle will show a second Input Box to enter a Second Location and choose from which Location the News will be shown.

<img src="https://imgur.com/MPJH0CH.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Save the Settings

<img src="https://imgur.com/WGPIdDV.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### See the Weather 
The Weather of the location(s) will be shown. The button to check the news will be active.

<img src="https://imgur.com/p49y7ga.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Check the News
The news for the Location (chosen) will be shown

<img src="https://imgur.com/zX1eToT.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

#### Pagination

<img src="https://imgur.com/jgfIXK3.jpeg" alt="HomePage" width="300"/>

## License
MIT License. See "LICENSE" for further information.

## Contact Information
G00376379@gmit.ie
